He looked at my chest lewdly!
You have big breasts,
so it bounces when you run, Tsubasa.
I understand how you feel, Yoshino.
Even if I had a button
that would kill someone I dislike,
I probably wouldn't press it.
-It's disgusting.
-However…
-Shut up.
-If there's a button
to kill someone that didn't like me…
I'll press it without hesitation.
HUMAN CENTIPEDE 3
Excuse me.
-Excuse me!
-What?
One adult ticket for Human Centipede 3.
The total is 1,800 yen.
Here you go.
The movie will be screening soon.
As a doctor, I've been working
to save people for many years.
He actually had 50,000 yen,
even though he's just in middle school!
-So much?
-This is the worst.
What happened next?
High school students shouldn't skip school
and come to the cinema.
-Even though I'm not one to say.
-You're mean!
I realized.
Seriously, it's so terrible.
-It's your treat today.
-I can't hear the lines at all.
Are you joking?
There are still people like them
with decent grades.
So did you see it?
No.
Are you saying Tsubasa's lying?
I'm sure he has seen it!
Unreasonable.
There's a 50% off coupon.
-Where is the place?
-Hey, hit him harder.
Darn that woman.
She's having fun using me
to confirm her status.
I knew it. You're looking!
Darn it.
I'm going to say it.
You're not as cute as you think, Tsubasa.
The three of them know that too.
The reason they flatter you…
is because you seem easy--
-Let's create the perfect human.
-No.
He won't let us do it.
-It's over.
-Stop talking!
No! Stop!
No!
It's Tsubasa.
-Turn off your phone!
-Hello. What is it?
Now? I'm free.
You guys…
-Let me think.
-You have to be considerate.
Don't worry.
Everything went well.
To create the perfect human…
HUMAN CENTIPEDE 3
What…
What's this?
That guy just now.
No way. Can a human do such things?
Even if he can,
is he really…
a human?
MONDAY, 10:10 A.M.
What would you do if I did it?
Are you going to scold me?
Are they important…
to you?
It's okay.
You can eat it.
This is too much.
I feel bad for him. He's crying!
Will I be able to…
do the same thing you did?
I'm sorry.
Please don't cross the lines.
ENTRY PROHIBITED
The victims appear to be
high-school students.
KINEMA CINEMA
BATTING CENTER
MONDAY, 10:30 A.M.
Who are those guys?
Why are they allowed to enter
before the Forensic arrives?
On top of that, wasn't one of them a kid?
I don't know the details either.
But you saw that too, didn't you?
That's beyond
the scope of the human realm.
Just turn a blind eye.
If you want to work
until you retire, that is.
Can you see?
These are cursed energy residuals.
-I can't see it at all.
-It's because you aren't trying.
We usually confirm the curse visually.
If you use cursed techniques,
you'll leave traces.
They are called "residuals."
But residuals are harder to see
compared to Cursed Spirits.
You have to look carefully.
Hey!
-I can see them!
-Of course.
You're considered a qualified sorcerer
if you can sense them before seeing them.
You can be more encouraging, you know?
I don't praise or insult anyone.
I observe the facts and judge by them.
That is how I do things.
I used to have the misconception
that society is the same.
But let's not talk about it.
We're chasing them.
All right. Let's do our best!
No need. If we can do it casually,
then just do that.
Let's go.
I feel like we can't get along.
He doesn't respond well to what I say.
I can't take you there this time.
But don't worry.
I've contacted a trustworthy junior.
This is Kento Nanami,
a Jujutsu Sorcerer who quit office work!
Please stop that.
There are many strange Jujutsu Sorcerers,
but he used to work in an office,
so he's reliable.
And he's a Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer.
I don't think others want
to hear that from you.
Sunglasses.
There are so many people
covering their eyes.
Since you quit your job,
why didn't you become
a Jujutsu Sorcerer from the beginning?
We should start
with self-introductions first.
Nice to meet you, Itadori.
Yes, nice to meet you.
When I was studying in the university,
I realized that…
Jujutsu Sorcerers are shit.
What?
When I was working in a normal company,
I realized that…
office work is shit too.
Is that so?
Since both are shit, I chose the one
that I have more aptitude for.
That's why I'm back.
He's dark.
Yes.
Itadori.
Please don't think that
I have the same thinking as Gojo.
I trust him and have confidence in him…
but I don't respect him!
What?
I hate the way
the higher-ups do their job,
but I adhere to rules strictly.
I've talked too much.
In any case,
I do not acknowledge you
as a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
While you have the bomb that is Sukuna,
please do your best to prove to me
that you're a useful person.
I'm weak and useless.
I was made to realize that recently.
But I'll get stronger.
If I'm not strong enough,
I can't even choose my own way of death.
You don't have to say that.
I'll make you acknowledge me.
Please wait a little longer.
No, don't tell me.
Tell that to the higher-ups.
-Okay.
-To be frank, I don't care!
I get it already!
The surveillance camera
didn't capture anything, right?
Yes. Other than the victim,
there was another teenager.
Is the culprit a Cursed Spirit?
Well…
That teenager has a motive to do so too,
but the police should be the one
to investigate him.
What?
Lunch box.
I'll take care of this.
You take care of the other one, Itadori.
Nice detergent.
Once you ascertain that
you can't defeat it, let me know.
You're totally looking down on me.
I'm not looking down on you.
I'm an adult, you're still a kid.
I'm obligated to protect you.
I would rather be looked down on
than be treated like a kid!
You've gone through
many near-death experiences,
but that doesn't make you an adult.
Having a more severe hair fall
or your favorite sandwich missing
from the convenience store…
Accumulating these
minor disappointments in life…
makes people mature into adults.
MONDAY, 11:15 A.M.
My cursed technique allows me to
create weak points on enemies,
no matter who they are.
Seven to three.
If you divide the length of the opponent
and strike the specific point,
it will be a critical hit.
Even if the opponent's stronger than me,
I can still deal
considerable damage to them.
If the opponent's weak, I can even
bisect them with this blunt knife.
Are you listening, Itadori?
Were you talking to me?
Oh, god.
Is it all right to reveal your technique?
There's no harm in
revealing this cursed technique,
and it's fine to reveal this technique
to an enemy of this level…
I want to focus on fighting,
but I think I need to listen to him.
It has its benefits, too.
The binding vow of showing one's cards
can increase the effectiveness
of the cursed technique.
Like this.
Lunch box.
That's all from me.
Awesome.
The knife was wrapped up
in multiple layers,
and he even slashed it
with the back of the knife.
Behind you, Itadori.
What?
It's not good to be distracted.
Who's the one talking to me?
Laundry detergent!
Your cursed energy has a time lag.
It hurts.
Time lag?
Your cursed energy can't keep up
with your instant explosive power.
Your technique to stop cursed energy
is unrefined as well,
so it tends to leave traces.
As a result, this creates
an irregular flow of cursed energy,
and your cursed energy appears
after throwing out your punch.
So you can utilize that lag to make
one punch into a double-impacted strike.
Divergent Fist!
That sounds cool!
It's not something you can master easily.
It will be a great weapon to you.
Is his original power
far beyond ordinary people?
The initial blow
didn't contain much cursed energy,
but it's 120% more powerful
than a normal Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Following that,
he injects his real cursed energy.
I bet his opponent must hate that.
And there's still room for improvement.
If he can hit with his full strength
followed by all of his cursed energy…
No wonder that guy brought him here.
Lunch box…
Sorry, I'll end you now.
Itadori, don't deliver the final blow yet.
Look at this.
What?
I took a photo of my opponent.
Cursed Spirits
can't be photographed, right?
Calm down and listen to me.
Our opponents are…
They are humans.
No, I guess I should say
they used to be humans.
Just like the three people in the cinema.
Their bodies were transmogrified
with cursed energy.
If that's the case,
I would have found out from the start.
The two opponents we fought against
are full of cursed energy,
like Cursed Spirits.
You can only ask the culprit
what cursed technique he used.
But there are traces of tampering
near the brain stem.
I think it's to create confusion
with consciousness disorder.
If they are capable
of modifying the brain,
they might be able to make them
use cursed energy as well.
After all, the relationship
between the brain
and cursed energy is still a mystery.
By the way, is Itadori listening?
Yes.
To put it simply, their cause of death
was due to the shock
caused by the modification.
You didn't kill them.
Make no mistake about this.
Yes.
SHOKO IEIRI
No matter what,
their deaths bear the same weight on me.
Even so…
This is too distasteful.
This kid can really get angry for others.
Those residuals are bait.
It's probably to draw us out.
The opponent is really skilled.
I guess we can't wrap this up easily.
Let's do our best.
Okay!
"Special Grade Imaginary Cursed Spirit."
There are some Cursed Spirits
labeled as such.
A Cursed Spirit is a collection
of cursed energy flowing out from humans.
Even if they don't exist physically,
fearful common perceptions
that humans share
make it easy to manifest
as a powerful curse.
Fearful common perceptions
that humans share?
Are you referring to famous monsters
or ghost stories?
That's right. There are many of those,
like Ms. Hanako or the Nine-Tailed Fox.
Jujutsu Sorcerers classify them
as Special Grade Imaginary Cursed Spirits
and deal with them accordingly.
The same goes
for unknown and powerful curses.
They are usually categorized as such too.
I guess that's all they see.
But what people usually fear
are not myths like this.
Are you referring to natural disasters?
It's great that talking to you
doesn't give me stress.
No, well…
Humans…
They fear the earth,
the forest, and the ocean.
The cursed energy
flowing into them is too great.
Before they took form, they hid
out of sight as they gained knowledge.
I'm proud that
every one of them is my comrade.
What kind of curse are you, Mahito?
Human.
I'm a curse born from the hate
people feel for one another.
SHUUEI HIGH SCHOOL DETACHED OFFICE
The recent disappearances
and bizarre deaths
have been consolidated
into residuals report by a window.
With this, we can pinpoint the culprit's
hideout within a certain range.
Good! Are we going to barge in?
No, this is just an approximation.
I'll continue the investigation.
I have another job for you, Itadori.
This is Junpei Yoshino,
the teenager that was in the cinema.
He went to the same school as the victims.
Based on his behavior
from the surveillance video,
he's unlikely to be a Curse User.
However, the connection between him
and the victims is another matter.
Curse User?
The evil version of a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
I've left the protocols to Ijichi,
so I would like the both of you
to investigate Junpei Yoshino.
Roger!
-Speaking of which…
-What?
I don't know any other assistants
aside from you, Mr. Ijichi.
Well, I'm the only one
who knows you're still alive.
It can't be helped.
I see.
Let's go!
I don't think it's just an approximation.
You already know, right?
The culprit's location, that is.
Of course.
The culprit can leave the scene
without leaving residuals if he wants.
We're being lured again.
There's the risk of going alone,
and the risk of bringing Itadori along.
I chose the former, that's all.
Since he's still a child.
Mr. Nanami!
Itadori?
I forgot to tell you.
You must be careful.
Itadori.
I'm not a teacher,
so don't address me like that.
-Nanami then.
-I'll beat you up.
I found him.
Wait, casual clothes?
He hasn't been to school lately.
FOR PEDESTRIANS AND CYCLISTS ONLY
We'll need to get out of the car here.
Let's go.
-Juju Stroll!
Nanami, let's go out together.
No, thanks.
Wait, I really have something
important to tell you.
-That's incredible.
-I haven't said anything yet!
Well…
SATORU
What?
TO NANAMI
PENIS